OK, that sounds good now let’s look at the full continuum OS/legacy stack. We have historical archives for context to create. I believe the term is artifacts on an individual. The core artifact can be protected, but can reference a memory Colonel based on live interactions the artifacts can be linked to other artifacts to create family history stories, and of course, give better context for interactions. We have the podcasts and webcasts podcasts have just the audio the webcast would be as if you were watching the studio interview of the podcast or we can insert the likeness of the people or the family members being interviewed Telling their life story broke down into 15 or 20 minute clips this will also have a ui interface her family members can go and ask questions in the interface Mandy AI backed you ui well answer their questions and ask context follow up questions. This will be used to create a temporary 15 to 20 minute video or less for the user to download and watch one of the things that could be asked is can you provide historical context of what was happening during this period in my relatives life, and that can be amended to it as well but outside of those things I want it to be kept at a historical and genealogical family history oriented as possible so that it doesn’t get junked up with other information. They can then download that video and do what they want with it. Probably need to have family history, genealogy, or ancestry, web hooks as well that the user would have to provide access for at least for phases one and two maybe later, we’ll have a better relationship with those companies and they’ll allow us to have access as a company to the information instead of just the users allowing access to their information on our behalf or their behalf users will have to upload the information and manage it in what we’re gonna call the heritage archive. This is where they’re going to post photos videos written material by the relative or other things written about the relative.. something to consider is that multiple family members will want access to this one person we need to know how to manage family trees and the cost of that do we charge them per relative in the family tree or do we charge them by account and give them access to the family tree the more avatars end up getting created is where the real costs start to come in on the company side, as well as the set up and in Asian gathering resources, we are going to have to help users walk through in order for them to have a good experience after that we have the avatar interactive tech stack, which has a couple of different Parts starting low tech to high-tech we have the flat screen interactions which include mobile devices and desktops. This allows the user interact with their relative at the end of these conversations it needs to be asked whether or not they want to commit the conversation kernel to their relatives memory main account holder is in charge of managing the memories and if another relative wants a memory added from a conversation or experience, they shared it has to be approved through the main account holder. I think I don’t know necessarily if that’s the best way to do things again this is coming down to the money, managing an account aspect of it. After that we moved to hologram interaction where we have the UI interface of the heritage artifact is given a topic by say somebody at a family reunion. It’s going to give them that information is not as interactive for example, you could set them up to give a speech at his own funeral. Talk in front of a family about life experiences. This would require a little bit more user handling of the interaction how it handles interruptions or topic changes is something we can address after we get a demo going I think but it’s not really meant to be interactive more like speech giving which alone has multifaceted of use from there. We move to the interactive avatar in VR and hologram. whether that’s for a family member or for a classroom or for a museum experience or b2b experience. It doesn’t really change what’s happening on the AI side with the artifact. It’s only changing the user experience with the avatar. I think we’ve talked a lot, but I’m relatively sure there’s no real change, but that is for like one on one experiences whereas the hologram is more of a group experience But I don’t think unless I’m wrong. I don’t think there’s a way for us to set up the text stack to reliably log its interactions that it has at like say a wedding who was family who was not who had an account who doesn’t at least not without the vision package, but you’ll need to tell me more about that And whether or not that’s even feasible at this point or something that we can probably do in a few years after that, I believe the term is called AR and that is for a live environment interaction where you could go on a walk with Grandpa type of stuff in the park he can ride shotgun with you on road trip or something like that limited by service and of course you know time and safety that’s just an example but again that is gonna have to be some development if I’m sitting on a park bench, Grandpa needs to know to sit next to me or not stand awkwardly close to me type stuff The AR stuff is something I haven’t brought up yet at this point because I don’t think and again, unless I’m wrong that we can do this reliably.  Now as the company ages are users information and their interactions with the relatives will also be part of the colonel or the program that we create their avatar in meaning someday they’re going to die and people are gonna wanna react and interact with them not only will we have voice information and a ton of visuals, but part of the program would be to give journaling and entry prompts so that when they pass on their avatar that their family interacts with will not be solely reliant on what material can be gathered about them after they die, which is unfortunately what most genealogy is this is a proactive way of engaging with that community as well as preserving history and of course, creating a better avatar. I would prefer that these journal entries are done by speech, but they can also be entered in by text. I just think the system would do a better job of re-creating the avatar based on people talking about their experience resources writing down the experience this should be done. I think at a minimum every three days, but that might be a bit much. I really don’t know much about that type of thing but it would give us a better Understanding of who that individual is when we create the avatar I could also run specials on people about to die, I also like the idea of hiring third party interviewers to go out to a client’s home, especially if they’re elderly to help them gather up all the information and of course talk with them about their lives and record it now there’s several different things going on in the stack with several more than several different types of usage and uses as requirements. I believe they should all be priced differently, depending on what the user wants or can afford for that matter. Of course, almost everything I just spoke about was on the legacy stack for the other applications. We can get into more details about it later but for now I want you to reiterate your understanding of the legacy stack what the different modules are and where the up cells should be delineated And if any of this should be free at some point, obviously it’s gonna be used for advertising or user base increases you know once you give them a taste they’re gonna want more type of stuff, but I really want to make sure that our other Enterprises will all be running off of what we are calling the continuum OS but the legacy stack is gonna be where you find the family heritage memory artifacts, you have a thorough understanding of the legacy stack itself